Let's go ahead and put our events handlers together for the post service and the Common Service.
So I'm going to get started by going first to my post service.
I'll find the index case file and then to the very bottom of the file, but right above the apt list
in line.
I'll add in a new post request handler.
So this will be AP post to slash events.
We'll get our rec and resin there.
And then remember, this endpoint is going to receive any event that is coming over from our event bus.
So right now, inside of our post service, we don't really care about any events that are coming over.
Well, let's just go ahead and log any events that we receive just to say, Hey, this event exists,
so I'll do a console.log of received event.
And we'll just print out the type of the event.
How about req body?
That's going to be the actual event.
And remember, every event that we receive, we said that it was going to have a type property.
So I will print out the type of the event that we just got.
After that, I'll make sure that I still respond to the request that was issued just to say, Hey,
we got this.
So we'll do a resend of empty object just to say, Yeah, we got this event, everything.
Everything's good to go.
So now repeat the same process over inside of our comment service as well.
They'll find my comments directory indexes inside of there.
I'll go down towards the bottom and right above the list in line.
I'll do an app post.
Four events.
We'll do a console.log of event received.
And rec body type.
And then we'll do our resent empty object.
Okay.
So that should be enough to test this stuff out.
So now we're going to really see the entire process here.
We're going to see everything from start to finish.
If we take a look at our terminal after we start to emit some events, we should see some console log
coming from our post service and the common service and they should say every single time they receive
some kind of event.
So let's try to test this out.
I'll go back over to the browser and find my application.
I'm going to refresh the page once again because remember, every single time we make a change to our
code, we dump all of our data.
I'll go ahead and create a post.
We'll say new post and submit.
If I refresh.
Yep.
There's the post.
But more importantly, let's go over to our terminal.
The might turn a window and I can see that we've received an event for post created inside of our post
service.
This terminal window right here is from my comment and we've also received an event of post created.
Our event bus is still throwing an air down here.
That's okay.
Because remember, it's trying to send a request or this event over to our query service, which does
not yet exist.
Let's also try to create a comet and just make sure that the event of comment created is being sent
to the post incumbent service as well.
So back inside my browser, I'll put in a comment here of a comment.
I'll submit it.
I'll refresh.
Just make sure I see the comment right there.
And then finally if I go back over my journal.
There we go.
So I've got my event of common created and comment and created.
Okay.
So that is it.
That is the full communication cycle.
We have our post service sending events over the event.
Bus takes that event and sends it off to service one and two.
And in a little bit, not quite yet, but in a little bit it'll try to send it off to the query service
as well.
Now, in theory, if we had any kind of data dependency or more strict data dependency between our post
service and common service, we could watch those incoming events and deal with them in some way.
As I've said several times now in the last couple of videos, the Post and Common Service don't really
care about any of the events that are being emitted right now.
But now that we've got these events coming out, let's start to put this query service together and
we'll make sure that the query service listens for a post created or a comment created.
Event starts to take that data and assemble it into some kind of usable data structure in the exact
same way that we've discussed over all these last couple of diagrams.
Where are they?
Like this one?
Yeah, here we go.
Like this one right here.
Remember, we're going to take all these events and assemble them into some usable data structure.
Okay.
So we're going to take care then just a moment.
So we'll see you in just a little bit.